Use the PDF file for reference.  
https://doc.opensuse.org/documentation/leap/virtualization/book-virtualization_en.pdf

OR use the information below while creating your virtual operation system machines, as a reference for added information.

Preparing the VM Host Server (openSUSE OS). 
VM host configuration needs two parts:
- Networking: So that guests can make use of the network connection provided the host.
                                  AND
- A storage pool: Reachable from the host so that the guests can store their disk images.

Configuring networks.
Two way to configure network for VM host server:
A Network bridge: This is the default and recommended way of providing the guests with network connection.
It is the preferred configuration when you simply want to connect VM Guests to the VM Host Server's LAN.
If a network connection is managed by wicked , use either YaST or the command line to create the network bridge.
If a network connection is managed by NetworkManager, use the NetworkManager command line tool nmcli to create the network bridge
                                      OR
A virtual network: (With forwarding enabled).
Virtual networks also provide DHCP
and DNS services for VM Guests

This full virtualization solution consists of two main components:
A set of kernel modules ( kvm.ko , kvm-intel.ko , and kvm-amd.ko ) that provides the
core virtualization infrastructure and processor-specific drivers.
                     AND
A user space program ( qemu-system-ARCH ) that provides emulation for virtual devices
and control mechanisms to manage VM Guests (virtual machines).

Understand that the libvirt is a library that provides a common API for managing popular
virtualization solutions for KVM and Xen. 
- Kernel-based Virtual Machine (KVM): KVM turns the Linux kernel into a hypervisor, allowing you to run multiple virtual machines (VMs) on a single physical host.
- Xen (Literal name): Xen is a Type-1 (bare-metal) hypervisor that runs directly on the hardware and controls the guest VMs below an operating system.

Virtualization console tools:
virsh : A command-line tool to manage VM Guests

virt-install (Package: virt-install ) : A command-line tool for creating new VM Guests 

remote-viewer (Package: virt-viewer ) : A simple viewer of a remote desktop.

virt-host-validate (Package: libvirt-client ): A tool that validates whether the host is configured   
in a suitable way to run libvirt hypervisor drivers.

Virtualization GUI tools:
Virtual Machine Manager (package: virt-manager ) : The Virtual Machine Manager is a desktop tool for managing VM Guests. 
It provides lifecycle control: start/shutdown, pause/resume, save/restore and create new VM Guests. 

virt-viewer (Package: virt-viewer ) : A viewer for the graphical console of a VM Guest. VM Guests can be
accessed by name, ID or UUID. 

yast2 vm (Package: yast2-vm ) : A YaST module that simplifies the installation of virtualization tools and can set up a
network bridge

Installing virtualization components.
To install the virtualization tools that are required to run a VM Host Server:
By running the YaST Virtualization module on an already installed and running openSUSE Leap.
Or
By installing specific installation patterns on an already installed and running openSUSE Leap.

libvirt daemons
A libvirt deployment for accessing KVM or Xen requires one or more daemons to be installed
and active on the host. libvirt provides two daemon deployment options: monolithic or modular daemons. 
By default, the monolithic daemon is enabled, but a deployment can be switched to modular daemons 
by managing the corresponding systemd service files.

Monolithic daemon includes the primary hypervisor drivers and all supporting secondary drivers needed for storage,
such as networking, node device, management and secure remote access for external clients. 

Modular daemons, each driver runs in its own daemon, allowing users to customize their libvirt deployment.
The modular daemon deployment is useful in scenarios where minimal libvirt support is needed. 
For example, if virtual machine storage and networking is not provided by libvirt , 
the libvirt-daemon-driver-storage and libvirt-daemon-driver-network type of packages are not required

Starting and stopping the monolithic daemon.
The monolithic daemon is known as libvirtd and is configured via /etc/libvirt/libvirt-
d.conf . libvirtd is managed with several systemd unit files:
- libvirtd.service: The main systemd unit file for launching libvirtd . We recommend configuring
  libvirtd.service to start on boot if VMs are also configured to start on host boot.
- libvirtd.socket: The unit file corresponding to the main read-write UNIX socket /var/run/libvirt/libvirt-sock
  It is recommended to enable this unit on boot.
- libvirtd-ro.socket: The unit file corresponding to the main read-only UNIX socket /var/run/libvirt/libvirt-sock-ro.
  It is recommended to enable this unit on boot.
- libvirtd-admin.socket: The unit file corresponding to the administrative UNIX socket /var/run/libvirt/libvirt-admin-sock.
  It is recommended to enable this unit on boot.
- libvirtd-tcp.socket: The unit file corresponding to the TCP 16509 port for non-TLS remote
  access. This unit should not be configured to start on boot until the administrator has
  configured a suitable authentication mechanism.
- libvirtd-tls.socket: The unit file corresponding to the TCP 16509 port for TLS remote access.
  This unit should not be configured to start on boot until the administrator has deployed
  x509 certificates and optionally configured a suitable authentication mechanism.

Understand when systemd socket activation is used, certain configuration settings in libvirtd.conf are
no longer honored. Instead, these settings must be controlled via the system unit files:
- listen_tcp: TCP socket usage is enabled by starting the libvirtd-tcp.socket unit file.
- listen_tls: TLS socket usage is enabled by starting the libvirtd-tls.socket unit file.
- tcp_port: Port for the non-TLS TCP socket, controlled via the ListenStream parameter in the libvirtd-tcp.socket unit file.
- tls_port: Port for the TLS TCP socket, controlled via the ListenStream parameter in the libvirtd-tls.socket unit file.
- listen_addr: IP address to listen on, independently controlled via the ListenStream parameter in the libvirtd-tcp.socket or libvirtd-tls.socket unit files.
- unix_sock_group: UNIX socket group owner, controlled via the SocketGroup parameter in the libvirtd.socket and libvirtd-ro.socket unit files.
- unix_sock_ro_perms: Read-only UNIX socket permissions, controlled via the SocketMode parameter in the libvirtd-ro.socket unit file.
- unix_sock_rw_perms: Read-write UNIX socket permissions, controlled via the SocketMode parameter in the libvirtd.socket unit file.
- unix_sock_admin_perms: Admin UNIX socket permissions, controlled via the SocketMode parameter in the libvirtd-admin.socket unit file.
- unix_sock_dir: Directory in which all UNIX sockets are created, independently controlled via the ListenStream parameter in any of the libvirtd.socket , libvirtd-ro.socket and libvirtd-admin.socket unit files.

Starting and stopping the modular daemons.
The modular daemons are named after the driver which they are running, with the pattern
“virt DRIVER d”. They are configured via the files /etc/libvirt/virtDRIVERd.conf. SUSE
supports the virtqemud and virtxend hypervisor daemons, along with all the supporting secondary daemons:
Refer to: https://doc.opensuse.org/documentation/leap/virtualization/book-virtualization_en.pdf:
7.2 Starting and stopping the modular daemons, to review secondary daemons support.

UEFI support:
UEFI support is provided by OVMF (Open Virtual Machine Firmware). To enable UEFI boot, first
install the qemu-ovmf-x86_64 or qemu-uefi-aarch64 package depending on the architecture
of the guest

Nested virtualization in KVM
Live migration of a nested VM Guest is not supported; therefore, use it for software development and testing
L0: A bare metal host running KVM.
L1: A virtual machine running on L0. Because it can run another KVM, it is called a guest hypervisor.
L2: A virtual machine running on L1. It is called a nested guest.



